Now that we know a little bit more about sources and
targets, and the options that we have when we're working
with them to migrate our databases,
let's take a closer look at the components behind a DMS's replication process.
Now there's two main components that we'll need to understand,
the idea of a replication instance and a replication task.
With the replication instance, you'll have an EC2 instance inside of AWS,
and this instance will be set up either in a single availability
zone or multiple availability zone configuration.
Now you also have the option to pick between a variety
of different instances inside of AWS,
depending on the size of the data that you're moving over and how
large the jobs are that you're going to need to move chunks of data
from your source to your destination.
These instances are going to be what runs the code that DMS will use
to move data from your source to your destination.
Now, in addition to replication instances,
there's also replication tasks which run on these instances.
These allow you to set up a data table to migrate from,
and any transformations you might want to apply to the
data in that table, and then finally,
the destination that you want to migrate to. Now this could be a table in
the target database, or it might be a different sort of migration
depending on the target that you're using in AWS.
So let's try and visualize replication.
First, you'll start with your source,
which will have a variety of different tables in it.
And these tables, you'll want to be able to use DMS to move over to
the target database, and in order to do that,
you'll set up replication tasks,
which will be assigned to particular tables to move data from one
of those tables with the replication task by querying it, and then
send that data along to the target.
Now this would be repeated as many times as needed to get the
full data from the source to the target,
and it could happen on a variety of different tables inside of your
source, but it will be whichever ones you configure.
And keep in mind that in addition to simply sending the data over,
you might also transform it into a new kind of data,
either by changing values in the data or by restructuring the data itself
before you send it along to the target, and after you do that,
it'll materialize inside of that target.
In addition to using DMS all by itself with a source and a target,
in the next video we'll look at how we can use DMS in combination with something like Snowball Edge.